JENKINS-67371 Explicit the trust requirement for JCasC (#1954)
jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin: docs/features/secrets.adoc

    file: ./secrets/jcasc_vault
```

==== Using environment variables (implies security risks)

Environment variables can be directly read by JCasC when loading configurations.
Secrets can be also injected using an environment variables.

> Note that such approach implies *security risks*, the administrator in charge of the configuration must trust the whole content that is loaded,

Reviewer: I am not sure this should be burried in the `secrets` section?

Author: Thanks James, in the aaad8f6, I tried to emphasize this important aspects.

    file: ./secrets/jcasc_vault
```

==== Using environment variables (not recommended)

> It is strongly recommended consider other option instead of using environment variables for secrets. Such approach implies *security risks*,
> because the environment variables can be read by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although it is supported, it is not recommended to inject secrets using environment variables.
Doing so is *unsafe* because the environment variables can be read by
```

Author: updated in dc38d6a
